# Large-scale-meta-analysis-of-seed-microorganisms
Data and code required for reproducing the research results


# File description
Two xlsx files correspond to Supplementary Table 1 and Supplementary Table 2

The "Analysis" folder contains all the files and codes used for conducting bioinformatics analysis.

## Description of the contents in the "Analysis" folder
1.The RMD file contains the main analysis process of the article. It needs to be used in conjunction with the decompressed raw folder and the Tools.R file.

2.The raw folder contains the data used for the analysis. Please ensure that it is in the same directory as the RMD file.

3.The General_tree_16s folder contains all the files for drawing the evolutionary tree of general bacteria. Please first try to open the tree file on the iTol website, and then open the annotation files in the itol_annotation folder one by one.

4.The Specialist_tree_16s folder contains all the files for drawing the evolutionary tree of specialized bacteria. Please first try to open the tree file on the iTol website, and then open the annotation files in the itol_annotation folder one by one.

5.The General_tree_its folder contains all the files for drawing the evolutionary tree of general fungi. Please first try to open the tree file on the iTol website, and then open the annotation files in the itol_annotation folder one by one.

6.The Specialist_tree_its folder contains all the files for drawing the evolutionary tree of specialized fungi. Please first try to open the tree file on the iTol website, and then open the annotation files in the itol_annotation folder one by one.

7.The result folder contains all the images that can be generated by running RMD.

8.The Map heatmap folder contains the code and images for drawing the map heatmap.

9.Tools.R script provides a suite of specialized R functions for biological and ecological data analysis

# To ensure that you can perfectly reproduce this study, please follow the steps below to use these files
## 1.Please make sure to extract all the folders.
## 2.Download the necessary R language packages
## 3.Make sure your r version is 4.5.2 or higher.
